For BI integration we need a fix fallback domain but also to propagate query parameters (#190)
cozy/cozy-apps-registry: README.md

}
```

> ## BI web auth

Reviewer: s/BI/Budget-Insight

> For some banks integration, BI need something similar to universal link because

Reviewer: "some" ? which ? Do you have any example ? Could you add a link to Budget-insight's doc explaining more in details this mechanism ?

they expect a static domain for fallback but there is a specific domain per Cozy
instance.

> Compared to universal link, we also need to propagate query parameters provided

Reviewer: In contrast with universal links, query parameters (provided by BI) are propagated to
the final fallback redirection.

by BI to the final fallback redirection

`http://<registry-domain>/biwebauth?fallback=http%3A%2F%2Fa.cozy%3Ffoo%3Dfoo&bar=bar`

> must redirect to `http://a.cozy?foo=foo&bar=bar`, merging fallback provided query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
redirects to `http://a.cozy?foo=foo&bar=bar`, merging fallback provided query
```
